add Taproot to watch only wallets (#1459)
zkSNACKs/WasabiDoc: docs/FAQ/FAQ-UseWasabi.md

}
```

> Then paste your _SegWit Extended Account Public Key_ in-between the quotes of the field `"ExtPubKey": "paste xpub here",` and your _Taproot Extended Account Public Key_ in-between the quotes of the field `TaprootExtPubKey": "paste Taproot xpub here",`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Then paste your _SegWit Extended Account Public Key_ in-between the quotes of the field `"ExtPubKey": "paste segwit xpub here",` and your _Taproot Extended Account Public Key_ in-between the quotes of the field `TaprootExtPubKey": "paste taproot xpub here",`
```

Author: ?

Reviewer: You precisely mentioned  `SegWit Extended Account Public Key`, so I suggest `"paste segwit xpub here"` instead of `"paste xpub here"`.

Author: ah ok I only saw the change of capital letter

You can also change the derivation path fields if you want to import a different derivation path.
But this is only for advanced usage. 

> Notice that Wasabi only works with native SegWit bech32, and Taproot bech32m addresses.

Reviewer: Maybe this is more accurate, as Max has pointed out here that Taproot is native segwit too. https://github.com/zkSNACKs/WalletWasabi/pull/10221#issuecomment-1451612231.

```suggestion
Notice that Wasabi only works with SegWit v0 bech32, and SegWit v1 bech32m (Taproot) addresses.
```
